Add comment about bzr (#948)
improbable-eng/thanos: docs/getting_started.md

You can find the latest Thanos release [here](https://github.com/improbable-eng/thanos/releases).

> If you want to build Thanos from source, make sure you have installed `bzr`(check with `which bzr`) -

Reviewer: would also need `git` installed ;)

> If you want to build Thanos from source, make sure you have installed `bzr` and `git`(check with `which bzr` and `which git`) -

Reviewer 2: It seems like a space is missing before `(`. Plus, the `-` looks off here. Perhaps let's say that `, and that you have a working installation ...`?

Author: the `-` is the old thing, since useless, i will remove it.

You can find the latest Thanos release [here](https://github.com/improbable-eng/thanos/releases).

> If you want to build Thanos from source, make sure you have installed `bzr` and `git` (since `go` need `git` to download and `go mod` need `bzr` to do VCS thing, check with `which bzr` and `which git`),

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you want to build Thanos from source, make sure you have installed `bzr` and `git`. `bzr` is required, because `go` modules will use whatever VCS dependency use and in our case a single deps is using `bzr`
```
